Next time you come in here, you come heavy..or not at all.  

Who the fuck cares? I'll dig the fuckin' hole. I don't give a fuck. What is it, the first hole I dug? Not the first time I dug a hole. I'll fuckin' dig a hole. Where are the shovels?  

Stupid I-tai, bring a knife to a gun fight. 

If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone. 

You wanna fuck with me? Okay. You wanna play rough? Okay. Say hello to my little friend!  

When I introduce you, I'm gonna say, 'This is a friend of mine.' That means you're a connected guy. Now if I said instead, 'This is a friend of ours', that would mean you a made guy. A Capiche? 

If a guy fucking tripped over a banana peel, they'd bring me in for it. 
 
You can get further with a kind word and a gun than you can with just a kind word.  
21 up, 3 down
 
I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men. 

Make a wish... it'll be your last 
  
In this country, you gotta make the money first. Then when you get the money, you get the power. Then when you get the power, then you get the women. 

I'll make him an offer he can't refuse. 

Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.  

There is a line you cross, you don't never come back from. Point of no return. Dave crossed it. I'm here with him. That's means I am going along for the ride. The whole ride. All the way to the end of the line, wherever that is.  

You don't make up for your sins in church. You do it in the streets. You do it at home. The rest is bullshit and you know it. 
27 up, 5 down

You want me, you're going to have to come and get me! 

All right so he got shot in the foot, why is it a big fuckin' deal? 

Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.  

This country's still growing up. Certain diseases, you're better off having when you're still young.  

The Chinese eat the head.

A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man. 

If I ever, I mean if I ever see you here again, you die.  

Hit 'em where it counts. An eye for an eye. 

A bill collector called me and I told them I had $17,208,857.23 in Mafia Wars but I'm having a problem transferring the funds to my checking. 

I wasn't aware of it at the time, but I was a big favorite with the Mafia.  

Popular culture tells you that schools and parents don't know what's going on, the police are dogs, politicians are all liars and scum, and any crime that's not committed by the Mafia is done by the CIA. 

Wherever there's opportunity, the mafia will be there.  

A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for not going to church on Sunday.